README.md, before:

## Major features
- All Pokémon from Gen 1 to Gen 9 obtainable
- Evolution-Methods/Moves/Abilities/Types from Gen 1 to Gen 9 added
- Physical/Special/Status move categories added
- Gen 6+ XP (All Pokémon in party receive XP)
- New starter selection screen featuring all Gen 1 to Gen 9 starter Pokémon
- Day/Night cycle system with time-based wild Pokémon encounters
- Difficulty Settings (Easy/Normal/Hard)
	- Easy: Trainers use lower level Pokémon and have simpler AI
	- Normal: Intended experience, simple basic trainer AI for random trainers and more complex AI for story battles
	- Hard: Trainers use higher level Pokémon and have more complex AI
- Revamped trainer AI
	- By default trainers now don't pick moves with no advantage to them
	- Smarter trainer options for story encounters that are more aware of the current state of the battle and their options
    - Story event trainers have been hand-crafted to be more challenging and engaging
- Level caps based on story progress (Never over-level for content)
- First (non-fainted) Pokémon in party follows player in overworld
- Upgraded Pokédex
	- Show evolution requirements for each (seen) Pokémon
	- Show compatible moves and how they can be learned (Level, TM/HM, Move Tutor)
	- Show base stats, catch rate, XP curve, abilities, etc.

## Optional Features
- Nuzlocke Mode
	- Can only catch first encountered Pokémon in a route, and no more after that
	- If a Pokémon faints, it is immediately removed from the party after battle
	- Upon Whiteout, save file is wiped and game resets to the beginning.
    - Breeding Pokémon is disabled in this mode
- Auto-Battle Mode
	- Allows AI to do your trainer battles for you (uses a simple AI so you can't brute-force challenging encounters)
- Randomizer Mode
	- Every starter choice, wild encounter, and trainer battle will use randomized Pokémon
- Autosave Mode
	- Game will save automatically after healing your party, exiting a wild encounter, exiting a trainer battle, or after story events
- Auto-skip dialogue
    - When enabled, messages automatically continue until you reach the final dialogue of the message box

## Minor features
- Breeding Improvements
	- Level 1 eggs
    - Poké Ball inheriting
    - Egg Move Transfer
    - Nature inheriting 100% of the time with Everstone
- Dexnav
    - Available from pause menu after receiving Pokédex
	- Allows target-farming specific Pokémon on a route for specific moves/abilities
	- Increases shiny encounter chance as chain increases (Max chain = 250)
- Add critical capture chance when throwing Pokéball
- Add second item register slot (one for button push, and one for button hold)

## Quality of life improvements
- TM/HM changes
	- Do not need to teach HM moves to party, only need badge/story requirement to use them in overworld
    - Fly is accessed from the map in the Pokenav upon getting the 6th gym badge
    - Flash happens automatically in dark areas upon receiving HM Flash and getting 2nd gym badge
- Quick Pokéball selection in wild battles
	- Hold `R` to change selection with the D-Pad.
    - Press `R` to use last selected Poké Ball.
- Sort items in your bag by pressing `START` and selecting a sort type
- New location transition animation, shows in-game time in bottom right corner 
- Max level Pokémon can still earn EVs
- Changed player running from holding `B` to a toggle (press `B` to activate/de-activate) and allow running indoors
- From the Pokémon Summary screen:
	- View IV/EV values for each Pokémon (Press `A` when viewing "SKILLS" screen to switch between view modes)
	- Change Nickname (Press `A` when viewing "INFO" screen)
	- Re-learn moves (Press `START` when viewing "MOVES" screen)
	- Stat changes caused by nature highlighted
- When repel runs out, prompt appears to enable another one (listing any tiers of repel currently in bag)
- Disable poison damage over time when walking in the overworld
- Speed up Pokécenter healing interaction and saving interaction

Commit message:

ALlow level cap to be toggled off

README.md, after:

## Major features
- All Pokémon from Gen 1 to Gen 9 obtainable
- Evolution-Methods/Moves/Abilities/Types from Gen 1 to Gen 9 added
- Physical/Special/Status move categories added
- Gen 6+ XP (All Pokémon in party receive XP)
- New starter selection screen featuring all Gen 1 to Gen 9 starter Pokémon
- Day/Night cycle system with time-based wild Pokémon encounters
- Difficulty Settings (Easy/Normal/Hard)
	- Easy: Trainers use lower level Pokémon and have simpler AI
	- Normal: Intended experience, simple basic trainer AI for random trainers and more complex AI for story battles
	- Hard: Trainers use higher level Pokémon and have more complex AI
- Revamped trainer AI
	- By default trainers now don't pick moves with no advantage to them
	- Smarter trainer options for story encounters that are more aware of the current state of the battle and their options
    - Story event trainers have been hand-crafted to be more challenging and engaging
- Level caps based on story progress (Never over-level for content - Can be toggled off in options)
- First (non-fainted) Pokémon in party follows player in overworld
- Upgraded Pokédex
	- Show evolution requirements for each (seen) Pokémon
	- Show compatible moves and how they can be learned (Level, TM/HM, Move Tutor)
	- Show base stats, catch rate, XP curve, abilities, etc.

## Optional Features
- Nuzlocke Mode
	- Can only catch first encountered Pokémon in a route, and no more after that
	- If a Pokémon faints, it is immediately removed from the party after battle
	- Upon Whiteout, save file is wiped and game resets to the beginning.
    - Breeding Pokémon is disabled in this mode
- Auto-Battle Mode
	- Allows AI to do your trainer battles for you (uses a simple AI so you can't brute-force challenging encounters)
- Randomizer Mode
	- Every starter choice, wild encounter, and trainer battle will use randomized Pokémon
- Autosave Mode
	- Game will save automatically after healing your party, exiting a wild encounter, exiting a trainer battle, or after story events
- Auto-skip dialogue
    - When enabled, messages automatically continue until you reach the final dialogue of the message box

## Minor features
- Breeding Improvements
	- Level 1 eggs
    - Poké Ball inheriting
    - Egg Move Transfer
    - Nature inheriting 100% of the time with Everstone
- Dexnav
    - Available from pause menu after receiving Pokédex
	- Allows target-farming specific Pokémon on a route for specific moves/abilities
	- Increases shiny encounter chance as chain increases (Max chain = 250)
- Add critical capture chance when throwing Pokéball
- Add second item register slot (one for button push, and one for button hold)

## Quality of life improvements
- TM/HM changes
	- Do not need to teach HM moves to party, only need badge/story requirement to use them in overworld
    - Fly is accessed from the map in the Pokenav upon getting the 6th gym badge
    - Flash happens automatically in dark areas upon receiving HM Flash and getting 2nd gym badge
- Quick Pokéball selection in wild battles
	- Hold `R` to change selection with the D-Pad.
    - Press `R` to use last selected Poké Ball.
- Sort items in your bag by pressing `START` and selecting a sort type
- New location transition animation, shows in-game time in bottom right corner 
- Max level Pokémon can still earn EVs
- Changed player running from holding `B` to a toggle (press `B` to activate/de-activate) and allow running indoors
- From the Pokémon Summary screen:
	- View IV/EV values for each Pokémon (Press `A` when viewing "SKILLS" screen to switch between view modes)
	- Change Nickname (Press `A` when viewing "INFO" screen)
	- Re-learn moves (Press `START` when viewing "MOVES" screen)
	- Stat changes caused by nature highlighted
- When repel runs out, prompt appears to enable another one (listing any tiers of repel currently in bag)
- Disable poison damage over time when walking in the overworld
- Speed up Pokécenter healing interaction and saving interaction
